Main issues
1. raw_query is not actually preserved

In normalise.ts, rawQuery is reconstructed as best ${rawService} in ${rawLocation} instead of storing the real original input query.

Why this matters:
Your plan explicitly said raw_query should be the original query, untouched.
Right now:

"top home healthcare dubai"

"home healthcare providers in dubai"

both become a synthetic best ... in ... form.

That breaks your original schema intent and makes dedupe/version/audit less accurate.

Fix: accept raw query as input and store it verbatim. Normalization should derive canonical fields from it, not overwrite it.

2. Slug/H1 parsing breaks for multi-word locations

This is the biggest functional issue.

In queryPageRoute.ts, brandPageRoute.ts, and comparisonPageRoute.ts, location is inferred as the last hyphen token.

Example:

best-home-healthcare-abu-dhabi

route logic treats location as just dhabi

service becomes home healthcare abu

That is wrong.

Same problem affects:

query page H1 generation

comparison URL parsing

brand page derived query titles

Impact: this will fail for many real markets:

Abu Dhabi

Saudi Arabia

New York

Los Angeles

United Arab Emirates

Fix: never parse location back out of the slug by “last token”. Use stored DB fields:

canonical_location

normalized service/category field
The slug should be output-only, not the source of truth.

3. Category hub route likely breaks for hyphenated locations

In categoryHubRoute.ts, cluster construction is:

clusterId = ${category.replace(/-/g, "_")}_${location}

But your cluster format is underscore-normalized.
If location URL is abu-dhabi, this becomes:

home_healthcare_abu-dhabi

while stored cluster likely is:

home_healthcare_abu_dhabi

Mismatch.

So hub lookup will fail for multi-word locations.

Fix: normalize both category and location consistently into the same cluster format function used everywhere else.

4. Query pages do not link to brand pages

Your original plan/UAT required each query page to link to:

top 3 brand pages

parent category hub

3 related queries

methodology page

In queryPageRoute.ts, the query page currently has:

related query links

methodology links

But the brand cards render brand names/domains as plain text, not links to /brand/....

That is a direct miss against the plan.

Fix: slugify brand names and link top brands to /brand/:slug.

5. Query pages do not link to the parent category hub

Same issue: the plan required a hub link from each query page.
I do not see a parent hub link in the query page HTML.

That weakens the internal link graph materially.

Fix: derive the hub URL from normalized location + category and render it near breadcrumb or related links.

6. Blocked pages are still routable

In queryPageRoute.ts, any row matching canonicalSlug is served with HTTP 200.
robots changes to noindex,nofollow if not published, but the route still serves:

draft

noindex

blocked

This is not fully aligned with the plan.

Per the plan:

noindex can exist quietly

blocked should effectively not become a public page

Right now, a blocked page can still be fetched if the slug exists.

Fix:

published → 200 indexable

noindex → 200 noindex

draft / blocked → probably 404, unless intentionally internal-only

7. Sitemap index is not actually dynamic beyond batch 1

You planned for scalable sitemap batching.
The route supports /sitemaps/query-pages-:batch.xml, but /sitemap.xml always lists only:

query-pages-1.xml

brands.xml

hubs.xml

comparisons.xml

So if query pages exceed 50k, batch 2+ will not be listed in the sitemap index.

Fix: compute number of published query pages and emit all needed query sitemap batch files in the index.

8. Normalization is more aggressive than the agreed plan

normalise.ts strips extra words beyond the original filler list:

the, and, for, a, an, of, with

This may be okay in some cases, but it can distort meaning.

Example:

“software for restaurants dubai”

“home care for seniors dubai”

You may unintentionally collapse queries that should stay distinct.

Fix: keep filler removal conservative unless you’ve explicitly approved the expanded list.

9. rawService fallback logic can create wrong canonical units

normaliseSegment falls back in this order:

serviceType || seedType || persona || customerType

That means if serviceType is missing, you may end up generating public query pages from:

persona

customer type

This can create pages that are not true “query pages” in the sense you wanted.

Fix: make the public-page generator stricter. Only certain segment types should become public query pages.

10. Methodology routes do not use proxy-aware canonical base logic

Most routes use forwarded headers.
methodologyRoutes.ts uses:

req.protocol + req.headers.host

Behind a proxy/CDN this may produce wrong canonical URLs or mixed protocol issues.

Minor, but worth fixing.

Medium issues
11. Brand pages derive service context from slugs, not normalized fields

Brand page display seems to infer query labels from slugs rather than structured service/category fields.

That is brittle and tied to slug shape. It will get messy as soon as:

locations are multi-word

slug formats evolve

canonical rules change

Better to derive display data from stored normalized fields, not from reverse-parsing slugs.

12. Comparison pages use a simplified gate

The comparison rule is:

co-occurrence >= 3

avg visibility diff >= 1%

That is reasonable, but still simpler than your narrative plan around “sufficient differentiating evidence”. It may create valid-but-thin comparisons.

Not a blocker, but it is a reduced interpretation of the original rule.

13. Missing proof of slug immutability enforcement

Your plan said:
once published, canonical_slug is immutable.

I see comments about this in normalization docs, but I do not see actual enforcement in this code set. It may exist elsewhere, but from this zip alone I cannot verify it.

So at code-review level: not proven.

Biggest deviations from the original plan

If I compress this to the most important mismatches, they are:

raw query is not preserved

multi-word locations will break

query pages are missing brand links

query pages are missing category hub links

blocked pages still serve 200

sitemap index is not truly scalable yet

Those are the ones I would fix first.

Will it work?

Yes, for a limited v1.
It should work if your data mostly looks like:

best-home-healthcare-dubai

best-corporate-card-uae

clean single-token locations

manually curated published rows

No, not safely for the full version of the original plan yet.
Especially once you introduce:

multi-word geographies

stricter publication rules

larger sitemap scale

stronger internal linking requirements

My verdict

I’d call this:

~75% aligned with the plan

Strong enough to continue, but not ready to be called “fully as per plan”.

Priority fixes, in order:

stop parsing location from slug

preserve true raw_query

add brand-page links on query pages

add category-hub link on query pages

make blocked/draft behavior stricter

make sitemap index dynamic

If you want, I can turn this into a precise fix checklist file-by-file.